Evidence? Then why don't you show it to everyone?
I have the date, it's or smiles on my computer that can show that I had the right numbers.
No, no they were right here, how could they be gone?
Elisa, are you joking? Where's your so-called evidence?
Elisa, are you suggesting that Mr. Clark and Ms. Hart are conspiring against you?
You better pack up and leak now before making a bigger fool out of yourself.
What are you saying? I've seen the budget Elisa made.
We all checked it as a team. Obviously someone tampered with it.
Are you saying that we are framing her?
At the very least, she deserves a good reason to be questioned.
Fine, if anyone else can vouch for Elisa, I can give her a second chance.
Anyone?
Aren't you there when we check that time? I don't remember.
Since there's no one, Elisa, would you like to walk yourself out or would you like me to have someone escort you out?